That's all.
But we Chinese are different.
We Chinese have two things.
One is what?
One is the rent.
We live in the rent.
It's not the front, nor the back, nor the surrounding area, nor the foreign country.
It's like Shanghai and Tianjin.
What else?
The foreign country's colony.
It's like Hanoi.
I've lived there.
Hong Kong.
Now you're all here.
China is especially good at the snow.
It's the middle of the snow.
It's a colony.
Everyone, at that time, I never said I'd live in this snowy place.
Don't get me wrong.
Why?
It doesn't matter where you live.
As long as you see the speech and actions of the people in that place.
If their speech and actions are always based on the people in the front, the back, and the surrounding areas,
they always want to go there and save the place.
If that's the case, what's the difference between their efforts and the people in the front and the surrounding areas?
What way can we use to save the place?
I never meant to say that I'd live in the rent, in the foreign country's colony.
I just saved the place.
But what can we do?
If they think I'm living in the front, in the foreign country's colony,
I can't stand the war, I'm not afraid to sing high notes,
I can stand in the open space under the influence of the other side,
and speak the words of the open people.
If that's the case, I'll look at them, I'll look at them.
I'd like to ask everyone,
what's the people's thoughts in the front and the back?
Their thoughts? If there's no hope for peace,
there's no way to speak.
Everyone is in danger.
The country is busy, what's there to say?
Everyone will die in Hong Kong.